Update CHANGELOG for v0.12.2 release (#2204)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.12.2] - TBD

### Added

> - AWS KMS server Keymanager plugin (#2066)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aws_kms` server KeyManager plugin (#2066)
```

> - AWS KMS server Keymanager plugin (#2066)

Reviewer 2: This line and the next line should probably be worded similarly since they both talk about the introduction of new plugins.

> - Upstream Authority plugin that uses the Certificate Authority Service from Google Cloud Platform (#2172)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UpstreamAuthority plugin that uses the Certificate Authority Service from Google Cloud Platform (#2172)
```

- Improved error returned during attestation of agents (#2159)

> - AWS IID node attestor now supports running in a location with no public internet access available for the server (#2119)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aws_iid` NodeAttestor plugin now supports running in a location with no public internet access available for the server (#2119)
```

> - The k8s notifier can now rotate Webhook CA Bundles (#2022)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `k8s` notifier can now rotate Admission Controller Webhook CA Bundles (#2022)
```

> - Rate limiting on X509 signing and JWT signing can now be disabled (#2142)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rate limiting on X.509 signing and JWT signing can now be disabled (#2142)
```

- Uptime metrics in server and agent (#2032)

> - Timeouts to calls to KeyManager plugins (#2044)

Reviewer 3: How long is the timeout? Might be useful to know in advance of the upgrade to predict a potential issue e.g. Calls to KeyManager plugins now time out at 30 seconds

- Logging when lookup of user by uid or group by gid fails in the `unix` WorkloadAttestor plugin (#2048)

> ### Changed

Reviewer 2: The items in this list don't read in the same way as the `Added` and `Fixed` sections, in other words, they don't form a complete, well formed sentence when prefixed with `Changed`.

Reviewer 3: We should definitely go for consistency. That being said, I like the style in this Changed section better than the others :)

Reviewer 2: Heh, I just looked at previous changelogs and sometimes we've added the prefix and others not, even within the same changelog section.

I also like the form that doesn't assume the prefix word. It reads better to me. I agree that whatever we do we should be consistent though, at a minimum within the same changelog entry :)

> - The k8s Workload Attestor now emits selectors for both image and image ID (#2116)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `k8s` WorkloadAttestor plugin now emits selectors for both image and image ID (#2116)
```

- HTTP readiness endpoint on agent now checks the health of the Workload API (#2015, #2087)
- SDS API in agent now returns an error if an SDS client requests resource names that don't exist (#2020)
- Bundle and k8s-workload-registrar endpoints now only accept clients using TLS v1.2+ (#2025)

### Fixed

> - SPIFFE ID equality check in CRD mode of the k8s-workload-registrar, that could lead to the issuance of new SVIDs even if that is not needed (#2155)

Reviewer: Trying to think of how we can state this a little more succinctly...how about something like:

- Registration entry update handling in CRD mode of the k8s-workload-registrar to prevent unnecessary issuance of new SVIDs (#2155)
